it'd be mogul the Illuminati were a
secret society dedicated to scientific
truth the Catholic Church ordered a
brutal massacre assignments them forever
they've come for their revenge here
Sony's dilemma The Da Vinci Code really
sucked yet made over seven hundred
million dollars worldwide what to do I
know they're stuck with Tom Hanks's
Robert Langdon even though many feelings
horribly miscast is Dan Brown's literary
hero but you'd think they'd at least get
some fresh blood behind the camera but
no Ron Howard is determined to get his
own action franchise all the cool
directors have one and the davinci code
is both his and Tom Hanks most
financially successful film to date so
why throw out the baby with the
bathwater but where exactly does the
baby end and the bathwater begin Tom
Hanks long locks might be trimmed in the
pacing picked up but cinematographer
Salvatore totino who plunged the first
film into darkness is back and
screenwriter Akiva Goldsman is back to
this time joined by the prolific but
notorious David cope I mean if the
ingredients are the same how can we
reasonably expect a different result
although some do believe that angels and
demons which was actually Dan Brown's
first Robert Langdon novel is superior
to The Da Vinci Code the story once
again focuses on a secret sect of the
hey what happened to our picture who's
hacking our feet is it Perez Hilton
what's he got against us it's it's who
the Catholic Church how do you even know
the Catholic Church's IP address they
have a website really oh great now
they're advertising get them off the
screen oh haha excellent nice try
Benedict I guess Ron Howard was telling
the truth about you trying to sabotage
his filming in Rome hey all right that's
it cut cut to a break we'll be right
back
what happens when you put together one
band and one filmmaker to create an
original music video for ninety nine
dollars watch world from your videos
every week at $99 music videos com $99
music videos is best experienced with
verizon fios internet my name's Fraser
and I see me is everywhere you're
watching indymogul was a Catholic Church
of any reason to be against these movies
no they shouldn't take it too seriously
and they should not get offended because
there's really not anything that
offensive in it maybe they're really
conservative people might have a problem
with some of it but it from my point of
view it seemed like it was trying to
shell the whole science religion thing
and in a good way is a religion vs
science a good cinematic battle always
always that's good versus evil with
every girl I was evening I mean they
would think sciences evils they do a lot
more to kind of push it on the book then
in the movie I thought it was nice I
mean it didn't put the church in a bad
light at all oh so it's Ron Howard
trying to make up with them from The Da
Vinci Code I guess so yeah there were
some things that were missing I said you
know I don't know I think this is like
tamer my daughter loved the book but i'm
afraid the movie is like the first movie
The Da Vinci Code a bit of a hokey thing
which is easy to figure out in a short
period of time it's usually books and
movies don't go together the book of be
good in the movie be yeah the movie did
the book justice I mean Ron Howard did
his thing it's definitely better than
the davinci code maybe i would say
first-movie drags on a little bit this
one doesn't it just you know action
after action scene I hope it doesn't
like to tear your rate as a franchise
cuz you know well this a little bit goes
a long way
thanks a good action hero I was thinking
about that during the movie actually
Tomic's looks more distinguished in more
older and he looks like he know what
he's doing better than the first one in
the book he did some action thing at the
end in the helicopter scene I was
thinking how's it gonna pull that off
it's not like you know the old Harrison
Ford sort of thing you know or Bruce
Willis or something um he did arrive
this hair looked much better this time
around he is an extremely better hair
stylist in this film than he did in the
first one I was like really with Tom
right ok let's look at Forrester that's
incorrect you and regard Oh did really
well i think i think it was really weird
that i didn't mention his name in all
the preview trailers because i think
he's the kiss of death to a movie really
really you know marketing wise do you
think people will be surprised with him
here yeah maybe cuz it's a bit different
for him but he's such a good actor i
really like to know i hope her sake she
makes me eat my word this has some stiff
competition with wolverine and Star Trek
yeah how can Angels & Demons compete
well it's just not your typical summer
blockbuster more of a deep a meaningful
plot see what I suppose if you'll often
more of a story but it's also got the
action elements as well so it's
definitely gonna keep you on the edge of
seat well someone who's seen all three
movies what's the priority for people
which they be seen first ah i would put
star trek first this one second
wolverine a very far distant third so
what do you give this movie on a one to
10 10 at 97.8 for seven and a half a 59
give it a night and a half looks like
Ron Howard and Tom Hanks err on the side
of the Angels as audiences give angels
and demons uh Nate and yes angels and
demons is the focus of this week's one
sentence review challenge all summer
long beyond the trailer we'll be giving
away a pair of free AMC movie tickets to
the winner of the one sentence review
challenge so be sure to enter all you
have to do is write angels and demons on
a one to ten and give me your one
sentence review either as a comment
below or you can twitter me when you
leave the theater you have to be a
subscriber to be eligible to win and
I'll announce the winner on Sunday on
movie math I'm Grace Randolph reporting
from AMC empire 25 and you've just gone
beyond
trailer